Adds Antismash exitcode 1 to ignore (#147)
nf-core/funcscan: docs/usage.md

An [example samplesheet](../assets/samplesheet.csv) has been provided with the pipeline.

> > ⚠️ We highly recommend performing quality control on input contigs before running the pipeline. You may not recieve results for some tools if none of the contigs in a FASTA reach certain thresholds. Check parameter documentation for relevent minimum contig parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ We highly recommend performing quality control on input contigs before running the pipeline. You may not receive results for some tools if none of the contigs in a FASTA file reach certain thresholds. Check parameter documentation for relevent minimum contig parameters.
```
